Add virtual coderefinery course at /coderefinery/ (#88)
coderefinery/handsonscicomp: source/coderefinery.rst

CodeRefinery
============

`CodeRefinery <https://coderefinery.org>`__ is a course on tools

> needed to do efficient programming/software development, with a focus
> on researchers.  In-person and online courses are occasionally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
needed to do efficient research software development.
In-person and online courses are occasionally
```
